now the Lord called to Moses and spoke
now the Lord called to Moses and spoke to him from the tabernacle of meeting
to him from the tabernacle of meeting
to him from the tabernacle of meeting speak to the children of Israel and say
speak to the children of Israel and say
speak to the children of Israel and say to them when any one of you brings an
to them when any one of you brings an
to them when any one of you brings an offering to the Lord you shall bring
offering to the Lord you shall bring
offering to the Lord you shall bring your offering of the livestock of the
your offering of the livestock of the
your offering of the livestock of the herd and of the flock if his offering is
herd and of the flock if his offering is
herd and of the flock if his offering is a burnt sacrifice of the herd
a burnt sacrifice of the herd
a burnt sacrifice of the herd let him offer a male without blemish he
let him offer a male without blemish he
let him offer a male without blemish he shall offer it of his own free will of
shall offer it of his own free will of
shall offer it of his own free will of the door of the tabernacle of meeting
the door of the tabernacle of meeting
the door of the tabernacle of meeting before the Lord then he shall put his
before the Lord then he shall put his
before the Lord then he shall put his hand on the head of the burnt offering
hand on the head of the burnt offering
hand on the head of the burnt offering and it will be accepted on his behalf to
and it will be accepted on his behalf to
and it will be accepted on his behalf to make atonement for him he shall kill the
make atonement for him he shall kill the
make atonement for him he shall kill the bull before the Lord and the priests
bull before the Lord and the priests
bull before the Lord and the priests errand sons shall bring the blood and
errand sons shall bring the blood and
errand sons shall bring the blood and sprinkle the blood all around on the
sprinkle the blood all around on the
sprinkle the blood all around on the altar that is by the door of the
altar that is by the door of the
altar that is by the door of the tabernacle of meeting and he shall skin
tabernacle of meeting and he shall skin
tabernacle of meeting and he shall skin the burnt offering and cut it into its
the burnt offering and cut it into its
the burnt offering and cut it into its pieces the sons of Aaron the priest
pieces the sons of Aaron the priest
pieces the sons of Aaron the priest shall put fire on the altar and lay the
shall put fire on the altar and lay the
shall put fire on the altar and lay the wood in order on the fire then the
wood in order on the fire then the
wood in order on the fire then the priests Aaron's sons shall lay the parts
priests Aaron's sons shall lay the parts
priests Aaron's sons shall lay the parts the head and the fat in order on the
the head and the fat in order on the
the head and the fat in order on the wood that is on the fire upon the altar
wood that is on the fire upon the altar
wood that is on the fire upon the altar but he shall wash its entrails and its
but he shall wash its entrails and its
but he shall wash its entrails and its legs with water and the priest shall
legs with water and the priest shall
legs with water and the priest shall burn all on the altar as a burnt
burn all on the altar as a burnt
burn all on the altar as a burnt sacrifice an offering made by fire a
sacrifice an offering made by fire a
sacrifice an offering made by fire a sweet aroma to the Lord if his offering
sweet aroma to the Lord if his offering
sweet aroma to the Lord if his offering is of the flocks of the sheep or of the
is of the flocks of the sheep or of the
is of the flocks of the sheep or of the goats as a burnt sacrifice he shall
goats as a burnt sacrifice he shall
goats as a burnt sacrifice he shall bring a male without blemish he shall
bring a male without blemish he shall
bring a male without blemish he shall kill it on the north side of the altar
kill it on the north side of the altar
kill it on the north side of the altar before the Lord and the priests Aaron's
before the Lord and the priests Aaron's
before the Lord and the priests Aaron's sons shall sprinkle its blood all around
sons shall sprinkle its blood all around
sons shall sprinkle its blood all around on the altar and he shall cut it into
on the altar and he shall cut it into
on the altar and he shall cut it into its pieces with its head and its fat
its pieces with its head and its fat
its pieces with its head and its fat and the priest shall lay them in order
and the priest shall lay them in order
and the priest shall lay them in order on the wood that is on the fire upon the
on the wood that is on the fire upon the
on the wood that is on the fire upon the altar but he shall wash the entrails and
altar but he shall wash the entrails and
altar but he shall wash the entrails and the legs with water then the priest
the legs with water then the priest
the legs with water then the priest shall bring it all and burn it on the
shall bring it all and burn it on the
shall bring it all and burn it on the altar it is a burnt sacrifice an
altar it is a burnt sacrifice an
altar it is a burnt sacrifice an offering made by fire a sweet aroma to
offering made by fire a sweet aroma to
offering made by fire a sweet aroma to the Lord and if the burnt sacrifice of
the Lord and if the burnt sacrifice of
the Lord and if the burnt sacrifice of his offering to the Lord is of birds
his offering to the Lord is of birds
his offering to the Lord is of birds then he shall bring his offering of
then he shall bring his offering of
then he shall bring his offering of turtledoves or young pigeons the priest
turtledoves or young pigeons the priest
turtledoves or young pigeons the priest shall bring it to the altar ring off its
shall bring it to the altar ring off its
shall bring it to the altar ring off its head and burn it on the altar its blood
head and burn it on the altar its blood
head and burn it on the altar its blood shall be drained out at the side of the
shall be drained out at the side of the
shall be drained out at the side of the altar and he shall remove its crop with
altar and he shall remove its crop with
altar and he shall remove its crop with its feathers and cast it beside the
its feathers and cast it beside the
its feathers and cast it beside the altar on the east side into the place
altar on the east side into the place
altar on the east side into the place for ashes then he shall split it at its
for ashes then he shall split it at its
for ashes then he shall split it at its wings but shall not divide it completely
wings but shall not divide it completely
wings but shall not divide it completely and the priest shall burn it on the
and the priest shall burn it on the
and the priest shall burn it on the altar on the wood that is on the fire
altar on the wood that is on the fire
altar on the wood that is on the fire it is a burnt sacrifice an offering made
it is a burnt sacrifice an offering made
it is a burnt sacrifice an offering made by fire a sweet aroma to the Lord